undefinedWhat ind of person you don't like?
What kind of person you like?
Holiday you like the most.
What movie/series that you want to recommended to others?
How many girlfriend/boyfriend did you have? Usually you leave them or they leave you?
What is your worst mistake in your life?
What is your most favorite food?
What is your most favorite your body part?
What is your most hated food?
What is your memorial anime?
Who is your best waifu/husbando for you ?
What is your most favourite mobile game?
What is your most favourite PC game?
Which sex you prefer more between male and female?
Have you ever cheat your lover?
What is your favourite movie?
What is your favourite series?
What is your favourite gaming gear brand?
What is your best soda?
What type of person do you love?
What type of person do you hate?
What is your ambition?
In this room, who do you want to fuck the most?
What job do you want to do?
What country do you want to travel to?
What country do you want to move to?
What is your favourite fictional character?
What is your favourite drinking water brand?
Do you have any crush right now?
Is it hard for you to love someone?
What is your favourite potato chips brand?
What is your favourite color?
What give you worst feeling?
What give you most satisfied with?
Which OS you prefer between Android or iOS?
What VR Headset are you using? If you don't have it, which one do you want?
What snack in convenience store you want to suggest to anyone?
What is your favourite restaurant?
Have you ever had girlfriend/boyfriend?
Which pet you prefer more between dog and cat?
What pet do you want to have?
What music do you like to listen?
What kind of music do you like to listen?
What music streaming platform are you use for listen to music?
What is your favourite Youtuber?
What is your favourite streamer?
What make you happy?
What make you sad?
What do you think of your best friend?
What is the longest time you have ever stay awake without any nap?
What is the longest time you have ever slept?
What is your height?
What is your weight?
How old are you?
When is your birthday?
What is your favourite clothing style?
What is your favourite lifestyle?
What is your favourite milk?
When do you usually sleep?
What logic/concept that you think it is the worst you have ever known?
If you are sucessful in life, what do you want to do next?
If you win the 1st prize lottery, what will you do with that prize?
Are you studying in post high school education? If yes, where are you studying? If no, where do you want to study?
Do you want to hug anyone?
Who you usually cry on their shoulder?
What do you think of pirate gamer?
What game that you spent the most time with?
What game that you spent the most money with?
If you can go 10 year to the pass, what do you want to tell to yourself?
If you can meet anyone, who do you want to meet with now?
What criteria do you use for deciding to play a game?
Have you sleep while on call?
What if you favourite love song?
What if you favourite sad song?
What  is your personality?
What is your lover personality?
What do you like to do in your free time?
Which venhicle you prefer to use more between car and motorcycle?
What do you not like in yourself?
Which game you prefer to play more between singleplayer game and multiplayer game?
What present do you want for your birthday?
What is your favourite desert?
What is your favourite meal?
Have you ever sleep during class?
Have you ever skip the class?
What do you think is the most unfair thing?
What is your favourite snack?
What do you do for a living?
What is your favourite game genre?
What is the scariest horror movie you have ever seen?
What do you think of VRChat?
How do you know VRChat?
What make you start playing VRChat?
How are you?
What kind of sterotype that you hate most?
What is the best memorial in your life?
Have you ever order food delivery? What application you esually use for food delivery?
What lost things that you feel most regert to?
When do you usually wake up to school/work?
Which headphone type you prefer to use more between in-ear and over-ear?
What do you think of this VRChat world?
If you can, what do you want to tell to your ex?
What made you waste your time most?
What kind of sterotype that you love most?
What is your desire sex you want to be?
Have you ever want to be other sex?
What is your favourite VRChat player?
What is your least favourite VRChat player?
What study subject do you like?
What study subject do you hate?
What do you want this world to be?
What is the most surprising thing you have ever heard?
What make you scare at most ?
What is your flirting technique?
What is your motto?
What is your most worthless waiting?
What is your most precoius waiting?
What thing do you want to not happened?
What thing do you want to happened?
What is your three-size?
What changes your life?
What do you sitll feel guilty about?
What do you think it should not in this world?
What do you want to be in the future?
How did you make up with your lover when your lover gone mad?
What is the your most nonsense reason to gone mad with your lover?
What is the most delicious item in the convenience store you have known?
What is your most favourite social media platform?
What is your most favourite news agency?
What is your smallest body part?
Choose one, KFC or McDonald.
What chat platform you currently use the most?
What is your most favourite character?
What was the best year for you?
What is your current status?
What was the last food did you eat?
What do you think of the nearest player?
Have you ever have a crush on someone but didn't purpose until they have a lover?
What is your memorial RPG game?
What is your memorial Open world game?
What is your memorial FPS game?
What is your favourite movie theatre?
What food nation do you like?
What is your favourite music streaming platform?
What is your favourite flim streaming platform?
What is your favourite mobile game?
When was the last time you cry? Why?
What is your most feared thing?
What is the most disgusting thing you ever done?
Have you ever date with anyone in this room?
What was your worst nightmare?
What was your best dream?
What was your best date?
What was your worst date?
Who is your favourite director?
Who is your favourite voice actor?
What is your current bank balance?
What is your ideal couple?
What is your current PC specs?
How any times you take a bath in a day?
Who do you want to travel with the most？
What is your favourite color?
How do you flirt someone?
What is your clothing style?
Do you want to have a vacation with anyone in this room?
If you are a food, what do you think you are? Why?
What is your favourite fruit?
What is your favourite vegetable?
What things have you ever spend the most money to?
What was the weirdest you have ever done on the public transit?
How did you met the nearest player for the first time?
What game you will not recommend any to play?
What is "Masterpiece" game in your opinion?
Choose one person in this room you like to kiss with.
