How many time you masterbate in 1 day ?
What is your most favourite sex position?
Have you ever buy any sextoy? If yes, where did you buy it?
Have you ever have anal sex?
Have you ever have oral sex?
Softcore or BDSM?
What porn website that you usually visit?
Have you ever erotic role play?
Have you ever have sex phone?
When did you lost your virginity?
What is your favourite porn game?
What is your favourite adult pornography?
What is your favourite pornstar?
What is your favourite hentai?
What is your least favourite hentai?
Have you ever get turned on from any of your avatar?
How do you foreplay before having sex?
How long you usually have a sex?
How was your first masturbation experience?
If you can fuck with anyone, who do you want to fuck with?
If you have a chance to have an outdoor sex, where would you want to have?
Have you ever have a sex with VRChat player?
Have you ever horny while in public? How?
How was your first sex experience?
What was your best sex experience? How was it?
What is your ideal sex experience?
What was your worst sex experience? How was it?
Which one do you usually use for masturbation? Hand or Sextoy?
Which one you prefer? Softcore or Hardcore sex?
Which one you prefer? Face to face or Face to back sex?
Which one you prefer? Cum outside or Cum inside?
Which one you prefer? Sucking or Licking?
Do you usually masterbate after having sex?
You usually foreplay before having sex or just having sex without it?
Which one of your body part that make you feel horny if touched?
When was the last time you had a sex?
Have you ever bought sextoy to your lover?
While you are having sex, you have it light on or in the dark?
Do you play any music while having sex?
Where do you prefer to fuck between balcony or kitchen？
If your lover tell you they are horny, what will you do?
Have you ever purchase sexual services?
Have you ever use weird thing to masturbate?
How much did you spend for pornography?
What is the weirdest item you have ever use to masturbate?
What is your technique on having sex?
What is your technique on masturbating?
Have you ever fuck your siblings?
What is your first sexphone experience?
Do you usually fuck with condom?
Whihe having sex, you prefer offending or get offened more?
What is your preparation before having sex?
Do you usually bring condom with you?
What is your favourite alcolholic drink?
What is your least favourite alcolhol drink?
Have you ever do cosplay sex?
You prefer raw sex or sex with condom?
Have you ever want to fuck your friend?
Have you ever want to fuck your friend's lover?
How do you buy condom?
Do you buy condom on your own?
Have you ever have a sex on a car?
When was the first time you drink an alcolholic drink?
What sextoy do you wish to have?
What is your most sensitive erogenous zone?
How many times do you have sexual activities in a week?
If you have a chance to have sex with the nearest player, what will you do?
Have you ever dream of having sex with someone?
Have you ever think you prefer BDSM?
When was the last time you masturbase? With what?
What pornography movie genre you prefer?
In this room, who do you prefer to fuck with the most?
What is your favourite sex posture? Why?
Have you ever taste your cum?
How many times a day at most you ever have a sex with your lover?
How many times a week at most you ever have a sex with your lover?
What is the size of your penis or your tits?
How did you lost your verginity?
Do you put ice in the beer?
Have you ever fuck while gaming?
What is your favourite condom brand?
What is your favourite condom flavor?
Which one you prefer, between small and big tits?
Which one you prefer, between small and big dick?
Have you ever take a naked photo of yourself?
Have you ever sexually thought to anyone in this room?
If you saw someone fully naked after you have woken up, what would you do?
Have anyone in this room saw you naked?
Have you ever do any sex job?
What is your OnlyFans account?
What was the weird porn movies you have ever watch?
What is the 3 items that make you turned on the most?
Who is your most favourite sex creator?
Have you ever buy lewd items online?
Have you ever enter the sex shop?
Have you ever paid for sex service in VR?
Have you ever experience pornography in VR?
What is the sentence that make you turned on?
Have you ever dream of yourself get fucked?
What is the latest porn movie you downloaded?
What is your favourite breast size?
What is your favourite body shape?
Which one you prefer more between licking and sucking?
What is your technique to cum slower?
When you prefer to have a sex between before and after bedtime?
How frequent do you fuck?
Which one you want to fuck with between virgin and excellently experienced?
Which one you prefer more between tits licking and sucking?
Where do you prefer to hold at while holhing their hand?
What items you usually use to masturbate with?
Do you like to let anyone to poke your nipple？
Who have you ever request to have a sexphone with?
Who have you ever request to have an ERP with?
Have you ever get turned on too much? How did you deal with it?
Do you like to lick or sniff armpits?
How much are you horny?
What procedure you like of fucking?
How long do you think is an ideal length of having sex?
Who was your first sex partner? Otherwise go backward for 4 tiles.
What is the appearance of your public hair?
Where do you want to have a sex?
What you don't want your sex partner to do while fucking?
Are you easily or hard to cum?
In your opinion, can any fuck who is not their lover? Why?
Who do you currntly want to fuck with the most?
If you have a sex issue, who will you have an advise with?
Do you still miss you ex-lover?
What is your favourite condom thickness?
